Again, thank you so much everyone for participating. Thank you. Again, we continue now with the
teaching.
We will be teaching following the light of the all the great masters, such as the great masters,
Rabdolje, all the way until now, all of the great masters.
And then we will also highlight and follow the great masters.
People and the reluctant beings, the fact that all of these teachings, as well as the addition with
all the great masters,
they are teaching with the joy of what I want. I can digest them in my mind.
Mind and thought is so benefited to all of ourselves.
So we are trying to let them more activate it, learn this teaching.
I like to follow this teaching with this power.
I'm a little bit understandable, different kind of all that we had.
Cheating together and put together and as to present as well.
But I've been doing again this way.
Today, again, we continue, we strengthen our little motivation of the joy and appreciation and that
.
So with that, and we also activated our body and the thought.
So they will be sensory from heart and the grip.
With the Paul, the Paul in measure of thought.
Not just a once in a while giant, but really truly mean that from heart.
Start with the Paul in measure of thought.
That is so powerful, so touched to the heart.
All of the Buddha's teachings, teaching and all of our own true nature.
Teaching is Paul in measure, really wishing that.
This, that is, we can do.
That is not something we have to say, oh, I don't know if the cup of light is this or that.
In the mental state, the mind is very eager to do anything that we like to do.
We can thank, we can this thing, the motivation, thinking for all living beings.
All living beings, may they all have happiness, may you owe it peace, call of happiness, may you
all know.
That is about really so powerful, so special.
In the Buddha teaching in measure, as well as also great master in measure,
if you have really genuine those thoughts in your heart and mind,
it really put a fight, obstacles, hedders.
It was protected from the, oh, not the kind of, if we think that there is some, is with the ways of
hurting or doing something.
If we have that, that Paul in measure of things, it will protect us.
That it will become protection.
Because they see, they feel your power, love and compassion.
They think, we are not aliens.
We are, we like to copy your, every living beings.
Whether we see or whether we don't see, it's really sincere.
That for one minute, or two minutes, three minutes, everything, that is tremendous power.
Power will accumulate the merit, and as well as remove obscurations and the progression.
That is, this bodhika, there is love, immediately love and compassion is so special in human
movement.
When we talk about the bodhika, the love and compassion, it has no boundaries.
No limitations.
That we call is the bodhika, the love.
It's not just a regular love.
Regular love is best on that, but love for all beings.
All living beings wishing that.
And all wishing, everyone is free from suffering, cause of suffering.
That compassion, no boundaries.
That's what is bodhika.
That's what also is named, Immanuel.
It's Immanuel.
Many ways, all Immanuel.
So brain of those, those beautiful motivations, the intentions, the input shot for moments is so
powerful.
And that is very foundation.
Our whole practice of meditation is, really the practice is to improve that, that one.
Improve the loving kindness, improve the compassion.
Improve the joy and appreciation.
Improve the equanimity of the realization, the understanding of true nature.
Dzogchen or Mahamudara or the Kanyaparamas.
Equanimity, that is what really we started from there.
And that is what the really practice is.
So that when we have those beautiful attitudes and beautiful thoughts in the heart and mind,
whatever you can, that person, that person is really beautiful, become special.
They are the peacemakers, truly peacemakers.
Makers, locally peacemaker and brain of peace, according to the energy.
And we combine them with the blessings of the Buddha and Buddhism, our intelligence,
it become enormous.
It become the ripple effect.
It goes far where we can even imagine.
Go all the sentences by the blessings of the Buddhas.
And Gaurabhima, some of them.
And Bodhisattva or Manjushri.
And Bodhisattva and Tijin said, summon the Buddhas.
Their expression, praise, their inclination to benefit all living beings is immeasurable.
Even the Buddha, the great teacher of Buddha, appreciated them
and glorified them with their attitude, with their intention.
Taking all the sentient beings with that.
So we join, kind of, use that.
Our meditation, our prayers, joined with that, kind of,
use as suffering bow and then swing to the old galaxy of the universe
and all the beings with sex lands.
And attaching to every single living being.
Free from suffering and difficulty of trouble.
And reward their energy and nature.
From the gold and the deep of their heart.
Nature of love, joy, and peace.
And the Buddha nature.
That is.
And there were those beautiful motivations.
And then we did the Vajayana motivation or realization.
Three kayak status.
So those all are our practices.
Not just the motivation, thinking your thing,
and then kind of, we skipped someone else.
Really, those are the principles of practice and meditation.
The Dzoghi teaching, in what we practice,
is to discover, incidentally, three kayak status.
That really is what Dzoghi teaching is.
Discover any three kayak status,
both externally and internally.
Or internally, externally.
That is what Dzoghi teaching is.
So, have those beautiful motivations.
And then, so now, in Dzoghi teaching, as you all know,